you
[Music]
since making its debut on September 22
1987 full house has never really been
off the air if anything the show's
cancellation in 1995 seemed to improve
its ratings considering how well the
series is 192 episodes have performed in
syndication and on cable so it was
hardly surprising when it was announced
few year ago that full house would be
joining the recent trend of TV shows
being brought back to life
netflix says full house spin-off full
house against trimming the series stars
Candace Cameron viewer reprises her role
as DJ Tanner now recent widowed mother
of three who recruits her sister
Stephanie charity sweetie and best
friend Kimmy and Reb Abba to help her
out during her time of need
Leah watching how they changed and
before your binge watch we'll bring you
some surprising facts about the original
series let's begin an episode of the
original series was titled fuller house
twas the 20th episode of season 4 in
which they recently where Jesse couldn't
emotionally handle moving out of the
tanis's home meanwhile Stephanie
struggled with fractions
the original premise was called House of
comics Jeff Franklin a former writer for
Laverne & Shirley as Garry Shandling's
show and boss embodies where Bob Saget
was the warm-up comic initially
conceived of a show about three stand-up
comedians living in the same house ABC
told him they were looking for their own
version of the very popular
family-oriented shows all the time like
family ties so he made some changes
Franklin admitted that he never thought
ABC would like his idea in that this
scenario he dreamed up of a widower
inviting his best friend and his
brother-in-law to live with him and help
raise his children is a scenario that
exists nowhere in the real world Bob
Saget did not play Danny Tanner in the
original pilot
Sukkot was Franklin's first choice that
he was employed on CBS's morning program
Paul Reiser was also ladies but he opted
to start in my two dads the other new
sitcom involving a plethora of fathers
instead John Posey portrayed Danny in
the original pilot seen by the network
but after socket was fired from his job
the morning program would end up lasting
all of nine months anyway
frankly we showed the pilot for
broadcast with socket socket and Derek
you Lea had known each other since 1979
aspiring stand-up Dave Coulier met
established colleague Bob Saget in 1979
six months later Cooley took song it up
on his offer to give him a call if he
was ever in Los Angeles
the irony of all of these is that when I
didn't have an apartment I slept on
Bob's couch
Coolio told coolest Oh cut it out from
his friend Max and drove ski is a
television director who has been behind
the camera for virtually every episode
of The Big Bang Theory in their brief
time as Comedy Tour syndrome she played
a mark suave character who would tell a
woman in the audience you're in love
with me now Pat it out
so I told him I'm going to steal that
I'm going to use that someday created
made it to BuzzFeed and he said you can
still add so I started on the show
Nickelodeon called out of control
and became a hook on the show and when
the fool house started I just brought it
over and it stuck Uncle Jesse was
originally going to be uncle Adam a
Johnstown installed Franklin he was much
more comfortable as a Jesse frankly had
no problem with that because Jesse was
the name of Elvis Presley's twin brother
mary-kate and Ashley Olsen were hired
because they didn't cry at their
audition because child labor laws
severely limit the hours a very young
child can work in a day twins were
needed to play the role of Michelle the
as Tana out of the ten sets of twins who
auditioned mary-kate and Ashley were the
only ones who both behaved Kermit was
also Air Bud comment the dog was
actually named buddy but he was a golden
retriever who could shoot a basketball
stopped soccer balls and hockey pucks
and catch baseballs those basketball
skills landed him the starring role in
Air Bud and air about to sadly he died
from synovial sarcoma in 1998 only one
episode was actually shot in San
Francisco it was this season
eight per year comments excellent
adventure aside from the three episodes
shows a location Hawaii and Walt Disney
World every installment was taped on the
wound up brothers Lord in Los Angeles a
house from the opening credits or salt
in 2014 for 3.1 million dollars it's the
largest and oldest of the seven San
Francisco houses known as The Painted
Ladies the owner was asking for four
million for the five bedroom home which
was built in 1892 the writers of
everywhere you look also wrote the
themes for perfect strangers Family
Matters
and step-by-step Jesse Frederick was the
performer and Bennett survey was the
writing partner Jeff Franklin also
received a rising credit for the full
house theme DJ stood for donut Joe the
eldest and Charles full name was Donna
Jo Margaret Tanner Candice Cameron's
first kiss was on the show the young
actress was in Paris because she was 13
and inexperienced she had to ask Lori
Loughlin who played Becky if she should
keep her eyes open or closed
DJ's boyfriend Steve was the voice of
Aladdin got windows big Disney geek was
referenced in the two-part Disney World
episode the house meets the Mouse
Little Richard ox attentionally slept
Jodie Sweetin in to lease will read her
too late
missing inadvertently finished a piano
flourish with respect to Stephanie
Tanner's face he felt so bad Sweden told
The Huffington Post but her I'm on a
fairly short list of people who can say
they've been slapped by Little Richard
two additional seasons almost ran on The
WB because the budget was getting bigger
and bigger and family shows were
suddenly not a school ABC cancelled the
top 25 rated show after a seasons
brand-new WB network wanted an
established major Network show to poach
but some of the actors weren't
interested in that arrangement the WB
ended up becoming sister sister's new
home instead friends filmed in full
House's soundstage after its
cancellation and John Stamos
guest-starred on Frances 2003 episode
the one with the donor
he claimed that Dave coulier's underwear
was still on the roof of his old
dressing room Gil Edwards retired from
acting soon after playing Vicky Larson
weekend Danny broke off the engagement
in the season 7 episode the perfect
couple and Edwards never returned to the
show at about the same time her
recurring role in blossom also concluded
the next year she made one final TV
appearance on touched by an angel before
leaving show business all together at
the age of 41 moving to the southwest
Alice cuts or plays grew up to become a
Foley artist Dylan told me willhoite has
made sound effects for Game of Thrones
and Furious 7 twin brother Blake is a
firefighter there have been attempts at
television and movie remakes before in
2008 estamos pitched a semi remake of
full house that went nowhere
in 2009 he said he was working on a
movie idea and had James Franco in mind
as Uncle Jesse
Steve Carroll as Danny and Tracy Morgan
as joy
[Music]
and that all facts for now we hope you
liked our review if so leave a like
comment and share this video
take care friends
[Music]